By the way, I told you before that when I went to see a movie,
there was a film warning against illegal recording and
downloading.
I mentioned before that the penalties include fines and
imprisonment, right?
Yes. What about it?
It just occurred to me that the revenue from that fine
will not go to the copyright owner.
Even if there is a jail sentence, copyright owners can get
nothing. I guess there’s no other way but to accept it right?
Come to think of it, I remember when the movie companies sued
people who edited movies by making them shorter and posted
them on video posting sites.
It is true that if someone shortens a movie without permission,
the story will be harder to understand,
and if that video reduces the number of people who will see
the original film, the creator will be shocked.
That’s right. Regarding that trial, I saw an article about a court
judgment that awarded hundreds of millions of yen in damages.
Ah, here it is.
Can ordinary people afford hundreds of millions of yen?
But wait a minute.
Wasn’t copyright infringement a 10 million yen fine?
I think litigation would be complicated.
I’ll ask my professor when I go to school.